Move text from diagram to body paras for blog egress-sni (#14249)
istio/istio.io: content/en/blog/2023/egress-sni/index.md

The end-to-end request flow is shown in the following diagram:

{{< image width="90%" link="./egress-sni-flow.svg" alt="Egress SNI routing with arbitrary domain names" title="Egress SNI routing with arbitrary domain names" caption="Egress SNI routing with arbitrary domain names" >}}

> In this diagram, egress HTTPS/TLS routes with Istio for arbitrary domain names, using SNI as a routing key.

Reviewer: This diagram shows an egress HTTPS request to `en.wikipedia.org` using SNI as a routing key.

> In this diagram, egress HTTPS/TLS routes with Istio for arbitrary domain names, using SNI as a routing key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This diagram shows an egress HTTPS request to `en.wikipedia.org` using SNI as a routing key.
```

> * Inner TLS, application connection to final destination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Application container
```

    Application originates HTTP/TLS connection towards the final destination.
    Puts destination’s hostname into the SNI header. This TLS session is not
    decrypted inside the mesh. Only SNI header is inspected (as it is in cleartext).

> * Outer, Istio mTLS session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sidecar proxy
```
